hello happy readers today I want to do a
really quick review of survived the
night by Danielle Vega and I am sitting
in front my window so no apologies there
I just wanted to show my natural beauty
and those natural sunlight also had a
lot of coffee not sorry basically this
is a fantastic novel if you have read
the Merciless than you are aware of her
horror leaning leanings words and she
wished that there aren't a little bit of
monster in there so you've got a couple
of monsters in this one it's not just
literal monsters you've got some
figurative and different monsters it's
about this girl named Casey she is
narrating the story and she is coming
out of rehab because of her oxytocin
addiction not a good thing to get
addicted on she was injured in a soccer
game and oh well into the drugs and goes
to rehab and comes out and she's gonna
go to the sleepover and at that point I
was like oh no this is gonna be
merciless part to this one though she
jumps in the car with her friend Shanna
who is way into the drugs way into the
drugs and two friends that are quite the
characters as well but they don't seem
like they're too crazy they're not as
crazy as Shanna Shanna is a special
special person and so they go to this
club in New York and find out that
there's this all-night rave ending up
it's about 5:00 a.m. and Casey has to be
home at 7:00 so real tough there they
run into some interesting things and
when I say literal monsters that's your
little R monster I would say that the
figurative one would be Casey's drugs
and her drug addiction and Shanna being
kind of a drug pusher kind of person
some crazy crazy stuff going on there I
know you're probably like drugs I'm
running away from this but it gives
couple of different sides the story and
it kind of makes KC a little bit of an
unreliable narrator and I thought that
that was really fun and the fact that
there's also is that a monster who is
killing her friends you definitely see a
little bit of a an actual monster in the
novel and you see her friends getting
attacked killed it's crazy it's a bit
gory um I don't feel like this one was
as gory so you don't have like girls
ripping their hair out or anything like
that but but you do have a good bit of
craziness and like I said I like the
fact that the narrator was a little bit
unreliable because you're like is she
really is this really happening is she
gonna wake up in the subway tunnel with
her friends and just find out that
everything is fine a little mhm alone
maybe no not the case not nacked the
case but I did find it that it was very
exhilarating and very fun as well as
being on the edge of your seat so yes
survive the night is on sale now so you
can go check it out on any major
retailer as well as your indie
bookstores go check it out go support
your small businesses and all that I
hope you guys have a great day and keep
reading